{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat5\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27460\viewh15880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Sample Journal From Mars: 909 Tube Kit - About\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ulnone Overview\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Sample Journal is a series of smaller scale sample packs in which we offer a glimpse of what we\'92ve been up to in the studio, a preview of things to come, or anything, really!\
\
The 909 Tube Kit is a collection of samples intended to demonstrate how the volume of drum machines affect tube DI saturation. Here, we recorded the TR-909 cleanly, and at 3 different volumes on the 909 itself, into a REDDI, to achieve various levels of saturation and distortion.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://samplesfrommars.com/blogs/the-sample-journal/how-drum-machine-volume-affects-tube-di-saturation"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 https://samplesfrommars.com/blogs/the-sample-journal/how-drum-machine-volume-affects-tube-di-saturation}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://samplesfrommars.com/blogs/the-sample-journal"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 https://samplesfrommars.com/blogs/the-sample-journal}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Gear Used: \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul Drum Machine:\ulnone \
TR-909\
\
\ul DI:\ulnone \
REDDI\
\
\ul Console:
\f1\b \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 API 1608 Console
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul Conversion:
\f1\b \ulnone \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b0 Apogee Symphony MKII\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx0\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 These samples are royalty free, and you are granted a license for use in your music only. \
\

\fs20 \cb3 All rights not expressly granted to User are reserved. The Audio Products are licensed, not sold, to you to be used for and reproduced within your new musical compositions and productions only. All copying, lending, duplicating, re-selling or trading of any Audio Product or other Content is strictly prohibited, save as used for or incorporated into your original created works as detailed below. Only the original purchaser of an Audio Product has the right to embody and reproduce that Audio Product within their music compositions/productions. This license is granted for a single user only (and is given on a worldwide basis). For the avoidance of doubt, no ownership of copyright is transferred you hereunder
\f2\i . 
\f0\i0 You agree and acknowledge that the Company has a proprietary interest in all sound recordings on or within the Site, and that any use by you that frustrates the purpose of this Agreement or circumvents the revenue model of the Company (including without limitation selling, renting, or otherwise using or distributing un-integrated Content) would likely cause irreparable loss to the Company in a way that could not be adequately compensated by damages. 
\f3\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\sa266\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ul \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Contact info@samplesfrommars.com for support\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}